/Get coordinates
"https://geocoding.geo.census.gov/geocoder/locations/onelineaddress?address=3121+N+Swan+Rd%2C+Tucson%2C+AZ+85712&benchmark=Public_AR_Census2010&format=json"
/Get weather link
"https://api.weather.gov/points/32.2651,-110.8923"
/Get weather
'https://api.weather.gov/gridpoints/TWC/93,50/forecast/hourly'
/Possibly helpful code on receiving weather data
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18828890/how-to-use-the-noaa-api-to-query-past-weather-data-for-a-given-set-of-coordinate
/Weather web api info
https://www.weather.gov/documentation/services-web-api
/Weather web api FAQs
https://weather-gov.github.io/api/general-faqs
/Geocoding api
https://geocoding.geo.census.gov/geocoder/Geocoding_Services_API.html
/Low-level web interface, urllib
https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html?highlight=requests

/Commas in HTML
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22057083/difference-between-20-and-2-in-url

/Request pypi
https://pypi.org/project/requests/
/Request documentation
https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/
/User agent
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/10606133/sending-user-agent-using-requests-library-in-python

/OS shell and Python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14894993/running-windows-shell-commands-with-python
/Subprocess
https://docs.python.org/3/library/subprocess.html
/File not found
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47847084/python-filenotfounderror-on-all-subprocess-calls
/Avoiding shell
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48100820/how-to-avoid-shell-true-in-subprocess
/Using shell
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13491392/why-not-just-use-shell-true-in-subprocess-popen-in-python
/OS python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/os.html
/Shell security
https://security.stackexchange.com/questions/162938/security-implications-of-suprocess-executing-with-a-active-shell-vs-no-shell
/Set console width and height python
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13175175/set-console-width-windows-python

/Using Python socket
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11352855/communication-between-two-computers-using-python-socket
/Python socket documentation
https://docs.python.org/3/library/socket.html

/Python built-in types
https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html
/Python built-in functions
https://docs.python.org/3/library/functions.html
/Python random
https://docs.python.org/3/library/random.html
/Python compound statements
https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#with
/Python IO
https://docs.python.org/3/library/io.html
/Python sleep info
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/510348/how-can-i-make-a-time-delay-in-python
/Python time (includes sleep)
https://docs.python.org/3/library/time.html
/Python operator
https://docs.python.org/3/library/operator.html
/Python functools (including reduce)
https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html
/Python copy
https://docs.python.org/3/library/copy.html
/Python errors
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html
/Python datetime
https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html
/Python module index
https://docs.python.org/3/py-modindex.html
/Python importlib and reload
https://docs.python.org/3/library/importlib.html#importlib.reload

/Traversing nested dictionaries
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/20324830/any-functional-programming-method-of-traversing-a-nested-dictionary
/Changing values in nested dictionaries
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11918852/change-values-in-dict-of-nested-dicts-using-items-in-a-list

/Python global variables in functions
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/423379/using-global-variables-in-a-function
/Python changing one character in a string
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1228299/changing-one-character-in-a-string-in-python/22149018#22149018
/Python avoiding repeating code
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/11149997/avoiding-repeat-of-code-after-loop
/String to dictionary
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17610732/error-dictionary-update-sequence-element-0-has-length-1-2-is-required-on-dj
/Convert a string to a function using dictionary
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7719466/how-to-convert-a-string-to-a-function-name-in-python
/Convert a string to a function using globals()
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/22021037/convert-string-into-a-function-call/22021058#22021058

/Unicode characters Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Unicode_characters#Mathematical_symbols
/Timezone database Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones

/Python file reading introduction
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46740336/python-3-6-printing-out-the-text-in-a-txt-file
/Python input output
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/inputoutput.html

/Python names and values
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_AEJHKGk9ns
/Python modules information
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/modules.html
/Python using mutation versus using return
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26027694/correct-style-for-python-functions-that-mutate-the-argument
/Python "string comprehension"
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/16302209/python-string-from-list-comprehension
/Function annotations and more
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/controlflow.html#function-annotations
/Errors and try/except
https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/errors.html

/Python color
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/287871/how-to-print-colored-text-in-terminal-in-python
/Commands and pip
https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installing/
/Colorama pip
https://pypi.org/project/colorama/
/Installing packages
https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/

/Docstrings
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0257/
/Use of function annotations
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3038033/what-are-good-uses-for-python3s-function-annotations
/General function definitions
https://docs.python.org/3/reference/compound_stmts.html#function-definitions
/How to use function annotations
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3107/

/General pep-8 guide
https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/
/General glossary
https://docs.python.org/3/glossary.html
/Python decorators
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python_syntax_and_semantics#Decorators
/Argparse Python
https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html
/Argparse tutorial
https://docs.python.org/3/howto/argparse.html#id1

/Python json documentation
https://docs.python.org/3/library/json.html#module-json
/Python json vs pickle
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6794454/json-vs-pickle-security

/Interrupt while look with key press
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/13180941/how-to-kill-a-while-loop-with-a-keystroke
/Cursor position
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3698635/getting-cursor-position-in-python

/EFF word list article
https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2016/07/new-wordlists-random-passphrases
/EFF long word list
https://www.eff.org/files/2016/07/18/eff_large_wordlist.txt
/Diceware Wikipedia
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diceware
/Secrets python module
https://docs.python.org/3/library/secrets.html#module-secrets

/Import best practices
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/1744258/is-import-module-better-coding-style-than-from-module-import-function
/Print without ending new line
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/493386/how-to-print-without-newline-or-space
/Clipboard with command line
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/17819814/how-can-you-get-the-clipboard-contents-with-a-windows-command